And, finally, some chocolate
chip cookie variance.
First up is mint
chocolate chip cookies.
There are two ways
to do this variant.
First is to add a half
teaspoon of peppermint extract.
The second method is to
use mint chocolate chips.
Both of these should
give great results
Next up are M&M cookies.
This one's pretty
straightforward.
You just use M&M candies
instead of chocolate chips.
And, lastly, white chocolate
chip cranberry cookies.
In this case, you would replace
the 2 cups of chocolate chips
with 3/4 cup of
white chocolate chips
and 3/4 cup of
dried cranberries.
And that wraps up
this week's lesson
on chocolate chip cookies.